sup guys you're here with one of the
like this this afternoon fine afternoon
beautiful sunny day so I'm here with my
squad Isaac then go with a ninja man
eric wang so we've rented a pontoon boat
for the afternoon we're gonna do some
brainstorming and you know talk some
cool stuff on the water but i wanted to
shoot this quick little video because i
wanted to give you a sneak peek as to
what we're eating it was you're on the
boat so like a lot of people think we're
gonna bring some beers out and some
burgers and all I kind of garbage but
not us where were a little more
health-conscious so I've got uh I got
some with sob you chipster that Dean
just busted it these things are awesome
verhaal wasabi chips for things the
ingredients are actually pretty solid
too not too bad at all got a little
fruit platter and eric has has brought
us some special treats from his wife
Helens dessert angel recipe guide if you
guys don't have that you guys need to
get it so we're going to be a munch on
some of that how she Eric what's in the
muffins their reverence muffins burger
navy beans eggs and I think there hmm
there might be some almond flour in
there nice got these are these are
skulls of superseded truffles so there
are actually rock and completely raw
here's where you add peanut butter honey
some oats and there's chia seeds on
those ones and then sesame seeds on
those long and an easier to go on the
muffins this is a it's a raw icing as
well it's lemon zest icing is coconut
oil and lemon lemon zest so yeah so Dan
was doing a Dan as you probably know him
from internet intermittent fasting and
fat loss forever so Dan is supposed to
do a one day faster you're doing a water
bath 300 a finger jog with you did not
bring my jug with me because I was
scared that was gonna
washer yes exactly so we're gonna be
peeing off the boat so Dan left is his
jug back at my place yes but he also
broke his fast because of all these
goodies yes so that's a good reason why
Isaac what do you got in there you have
a vegetarian or yes the other special
nuts razor sprouted not I sprout them
over two days and then I dehydrate them
over a three-day period under 115
degrees so that you don't break down the
enzymes in that good fatty acids within
them so sad yeah it's delicious they are
doing she's they're very good yeah and
you mention that Erica your wife made a
vegetable lasagna that should like so
enjoy vegetable lasagna yeah that's
right leftovers so that's the crew guys
so we're out of the boat we're having a
healthy lunch it's pretty awesome i mean
this food is good enough to break a one
day water fast so it's obvious it's got
to be pretty good so I wanted to give
you guys a sneak peek as to you know if
you're out in the water if you're you
know taking a picnic with the family
doesn't have to be unhealthy can be
healthy you just need the right recipes
and the right stuff to follow so hope
you enjoy the video we're going to enjoy
the day and we'll see if we can catch
them catch some fish if not we'll just
we'll just enjoy the Sun doctor soon